Readme.md, before:

# Introduction
Adds a new survivor: Infernus.

## Skills
| Type | Name | Description | 
|---|---|-----|
|Passive| Afterburn | Incendiary Remarks applies stacks of buildup on hit, afterburn deals 200% damage per second. Intensifies every ten stacks. |
|Primary| Incenidary Remarks | Shoot flaming bullets dealing 60% damage. |
|Secondary| Napalm | Eject napalm to coat enemies dealing 250% damage. The Napalm status effect increases damage taken by 30%. |
|Utility| Flame Dash | Dash swiftly leaving behind a trail of flames, enemies standing on it take 200% damage per second. |
|Special| Concussive Combustion | Turn into a living bomb, dealing 800% damage to nearby enemies. |

> [!NOTE]
> Disclaimer: The base was sourced from the Henry Tutorial, and made possible through the modding discords support.  
> Head to the [Wiki](https://github.com/ArcPh1r3/HenryTutorial/wiki) if your interested in implementing your own character.  
> Also, consider going to the official modding discord for help, there are wonderful people who share resources in there.  
  
  
## Changelog
  
v1.0.3 - Infernus published rigged but missing animations  
  
  
> [!NOTE]
> If you are interested in assisting the completion of this project, all I need is a source for his in game animations.  
> If you want to animate his rig instead, or have this resource please contact me at matterwoven on discord or matthewvargas2013@gmail.com  
  
Thank you for downloading this passion project!

Commit message:

Update Readme with future character import plans
Added a note about potential future character imports.

Readme.md, after:

# Introduction
Adds a new survivor: Infernus.

Depending on how interested people seem in this project I'll see about importing other characters from Deadlock into RoR2 as well.

## Skills
| Type | Name | Description | 
|---|---|-----|
|Passive| Afterburn | Incendiary Remarks applies stacks of buildup on hit, afterburn deals 200% damage per second. Intensifies every ten stacks. |
|Primary| Incenidary Remarks | Shoot flaming bullets dealing 60% damage. |
|Secondary| Napalm | Eject napalm to coat enemies dealing 250% damage. The Napalm status effect increases damage taken by 30%. |
|Utility| Flame Dash | Dash swiftly leaving behind a trail of flames, enemies standing on it take 200% damage per second. |
|Special| Concussive Combustion | Turn into a living bomb, dealing 800% damage to nearby enemies. |

> [!NOTE]
> Disclaimer: The base was sourced from the Henry Tutorial, and made possible through the modding discords support.  
> Head to the [Wiki](https://github.com/ArcPh1r3/HenryTutorial/wiki) if your interested in implementing your own character.  
> Also, consider going to the official modding discord for help, there are wonderful people who share resources in there.  
  
  
## Changelog
  
v1.0.3 - Infernus published rigged but missing animations  
  
  
> [!NOTE]
> If you are interested in assisting the completion of this project, all I need is a source for his in game animations.  
> If you want to animate his rig instead, or have this resource please contact me at matterwoven on discord or matthewvargas2013@gmail.com  
  
Thank you for downloading this passion project!
